docs: document file size configuration for deploy endpoint (#4443)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/apis-tools/camunda-api-rest/camunda-api-rest-overview.md

See [the interactive Camunda 8 REST API Explorer][camunda-api-explorer] for specifications, example requests and responses, and code samples of interacting with the Camunda 8 REST API.

> ## Deployment API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Deployment API
```

> In Zeebe you can configure `maxMessageSize` in the [Gateway](../../self-managed/zeebe-deployment/configuration/gateway.md#zeebegatewaynetwork) and in the [Broker](../../self-managed/zeebe-deployment/configuration/broker.md#zeebebrokernetwork) configuration. The default value is 4MB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can define a `maxMessageSize` in the [Gateway](../../self-managed/zeebe-deployment/configuration/gateway.md#zeebegatewaynetwork) and [Broker](../../self-managed/zeebe-deployment/configuration/broker.md#zeebebrokernetwork) configuration. The default value is 4MB.
```

> To allow users to deploy resources via REST endpoint we added 2 Spring configuration properties, by default the value is 4MB:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Accordingly, the [Deploy resources](/apis-tools/camunda-api-rest/specifications/deploy-resources.mdx) REST endpoint by default allows uploading single files and overall data of up to 4MB. You can adjust this configuration via the following properties:
```

```properties
spring.servlet.multipart.max-file-size=4MB
spring.servlet.multipart.max-request-size=4MB
```

> If you are using an higher value for `maxMessageSize` you need to increase the value of the above properties to match the `maxMessageSize` value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you define a different `maxMessageSize`, we recommend configuring the values of the above properties accordingly.
```
